DOC-1818 Update to Create user constraints and examples (#320)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/user-access/pages/user-management.adoc

You can run the `CREATE USER` command to create a user.

The username cannot contain the following characters: `\` ,` ` `(` , `)`, `[`, `]`, `:`, `<`, `>`, `;`, `,`, `@`, `\r`, `\n`, `\f`, `\t`, `\\`, `\0`, `\b`.
It also cannot start with a dot `.` or have multiple dots in a sequence.
*Usernames* can contain any Unicode characters
or any valid email *except* the following:

> You can use non-ascii characters, such as Chinese and Kanji characters.

Reviewer: @JosephNewmanTG I'm not seeing any change since the lengthy discussion in Jira.
The last time I looked, the engineer hadn't told us what he is actually checking. E.g.
* What is the actual rule about backquotes?
* What is the actual rule about colon?
* The final version needs to be grammatically = semantically correct. Go for complete sentences, with an explicitly stated subject for each sentence, e.g., "A <subject> may not <the prohibition>."

You can run the `CREATE USER` command to create a user.

== Username Rules for v3.9.3 and above

NOTE: v3.9.3 expanded the variety of characters users can access while creating a username from previous versions.

IMPORTANT: A username is treated as a `STRING` in GSQL,
regardless of the syntax structure, format, or characters used.

*Usernames* may contain any Unicode characters *except* the following:

. May not contain these characters: `\r`, `\n`, `\0`, `\b`, `\t`.

> . May not contain any `SPACE`.

Reviewer 2: you missed some invisible characters in ASCII encoding, such as \a,\v

> . May not contain a colon ( `:` ).

Reviewer 2: colon is acceptable..

NOTE: Backquotes ( ``` ) must be used as a delimiter to enclose a username which does not follow

> the pattern `[a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z0-9]*`. Delimiters are not stored internally.

Reviewer 2: NOTE: Backquotes ( ``` ) must be used as a delimiter to enclose a username which _is not a valid email and_ does not follow
the pattern `[a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z0-9]*`. Delimiters are not stored internally.

Actually, it is also optional when createing user since it is a sperate dialog with user.

== Username Rules for v3.9.2 and below

NOTE: For v3.9.2 and below please follow these guidelines when creating a username.

*Usernames* must match a regex pattern of `[a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z0-9]*`, or be an email.
Additionally, usernames may not contain the following characters:

> . `\\`, `(`, `)`, `[`, `]`, `:`, `<`, `>`, `;`, `,`, `@`, `\\r`, `\\n`, `\\f`, `\\t`, `\\\\`, `\\0`, `\\b`.

Reviewer 2: why there is double dash while the LINE#21 has only single?

> . A username may not start with a dot ( `.` ) or have multiple dots ( `...` or `a.b..c...` ) in a sequence.

Reviewer 2: why do you have this conclusion?

You can run the `CREATE USER` command to create a user.

== Username Rules for v3.9.3 and above

NOTE: v3.9.3 expanded the variety of characters users can access while creating a username from previous versions.

> IMPORTANT: All usernames are treated as a `STRING` in `GSQL`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: A username is treated as a `STRING` in GSQL,
```

regardless of the syntax structure, format, or characters used.

> Including email syntax (Ex: a@b.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

*Usernames* may contain any Unicode characters *except* the following:

. May not contain these characters: `\r`, `\n`, `\0`, `\b`, `\t`

. May not contain any `SPACE`

. May not contain a colon ( `:` )

NOTE: Backquotes ( ``` ) may be used as a delimiter to enclose a username which does not follow

> the pattern `[a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z0-9]*`. Delimiters are not stored internally.

Reviewer: Should this say "must be used" instead of "may be used"?
Don't throw in politeness when something is a rule. Simply state the rule.

== Username Rules for v3.9.2 and below

NOTE: For v3.9.2 and below please follow these guidelines when creating a username.

*Usernames* must match a regex pattern of [a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z0-9]*, or be an email.
Additionally, usernames may not contain the following characters:

> . `\\ ,  ( , ), [, ], :, <, >, ;, ,, @, \\r, \\n, \\f, \\t, \\\\, \\0, \\b.`

Reviewer: This line is potentially very hard to read, because of the commas and period for the list.
I think to help the read, you should put each list item (which happens to be a character) in code style, but the separating commas and ending period should NOT be in code style, e.g:
`\\`,`(`,

> . It also cannot start with a dot ( `.` ) or have multiple dots ( `...` or `a.b..c...` ) in a sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. A username may not start with a dot ( `.` ) or have multiple dots ( `...` or `a.b..c...` ) in a sequence.
```

. Enter the user information in the prompts that follow:
+
.Example 1: Create user
+
[source,console]
----
User Name : user1
New Password : ************
Re-enter Password : ************
The user "user1" is created.
----
+
.Example 2: Create user with email
+
[source,console]
----
User Name : a@b.com
New Password : ************
Re-enter Password : ************
The user "a@b.com" is created.
----
+
.Example 3: Create user with special characters (*Only* v3.9.3)
+
[source,console]
----

> User Name : `:"/.,@#$%^*()_+=-`

Reviewer: This violates the rule that a username may not contain a colon.
